Final/DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# Documentation:

This is the documentation for the C-Calculator Project as well as for the Slots project.
To find the exact documentation you are looking for you can either look at the file structure, use the commands indexed below or read the comments in the source code.

## Table of contents:

### Calculator:
- Boot: When booting, you can select multiple modes using ./calc MODE. The modes can be: 
  - **DEC** for decimal(default)
  - **BIN** for binairy
  - **HEX** for hexadecimal
  - **AST** for astronomical.
- Syntax: When using the calculator, there is syntax that you need to folow so that your equastions will work properly:
  - **NOTE: Make sure to seperate every part of your equasion using space.**
  - For a number, just spell them out using **0-9** in decimal mode, **0-1** in binairy and from **0-F** in hexadecimal.
  - For normal equasions please use these signs:
    - "+" for addition
    - "-" for substraction
    - "*" for multiplication
    - "/" for division
    - "%" for modulo
    - "^" for power
  - For more advanced equasion use:
    - "sqrt" for square root
    - "sin" for sine calculations
    - "cos" for cosine calculations
    - "tan" for tangent calculations
    - "sinh" for hyperbolic sine calculations
    - "cosh" for hyperbolic cosine calculations
    - "!" for factorial
    - "|" to convert from one base to another (TODO)
    - "C" to calculate choose notation
    - "P" to calculate permutations

Commit message:

Added Pipeline Image To Docs

Final/DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# Documentation:

This is the documentation for the C-Calculator Project as well as for the Slots project.
To find the exact documentation you are looking for you can either look at the file structure, use the commands indexed below or read the comments in the source code.

## Advanced Mathmatical Parsing And Processing Pipeline
[Check It Out Here!](CALC.md)

## Table of contents:

### Calculator:
- Boot: When booting, you can select multiple modes using ./calc MODE. The modes can be: 
  - **DEC** for decimal(default)
  - **BIN** for binairy
  - **HEX** for hexadecimal
  - **AST** for astronomical.
- Syntax: When using the calculator, there is syntax that you need to folow so that your equastions will work properly:
  - **NOTE: Make sure to seperate every part of your equasion using space.**
  - For a number, just spell them out using **0-9** in decimal mode, **0-1** in binairy and from **0-F** in hexadecimal.
  - For normal equasions please use these signs:
    - "+" for addition
    - "-" for substraction
    - "*" for multiplication
    - "/" for division
    - "%" for modulo
    - "^" for power
  - For more advanced equasion use:
    - "sqrt" for square root
    - "sin" for sine calculations
    - "cos" for cosine calculations
    - "tan" for tangent calculations
    - "sinh" for hyperbolic sine calculations
    - "cosh" for hyperbolic cosine calculations
    - "!" for factorial
    - "|" to convert from one base to another (TODO)
    - "C" to calculate choose notation
    - "P" to calculate permutations
